MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 dev_

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the
software.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: The software is provided "as is", and the authors make no
warranties, whether express, implied, or statutory, including but not limited
to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
and non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
software is with you.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be
liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business
profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the software,
even if the authors have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
